{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1344\cocoasubrtf720
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red25\green25\blue25;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21200\viewh14580\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tqr\tx709\tx851\pardeftab720\ri720

\f0\b\fs22 \cf0 Question 1
\b0 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf2 Briefly explain the results of each different logit regression with the 2 variables you selected (which converge). Highlight any significant differences between the models and if there is any evidence of imbalance. Please be concise.\

\b0 \
In each of the runs A1, A3, B1, B3, using questions 200, 5414, and 405, we did not see any statistically significant P values (with the exception of July in model run A1, however the coefficient of the variable is so small that is likely has not impact of the probability of being selected for the treatment group). This stands to reason because adding more, independent variables enhances that balance of the data. In a runs of A1, A3, B1, B3, using questions 5414, and 405, but not 200, we observed several more statistically significant P values. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf3 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Briefly explain the benefit(s) and potential problem(s) of using ALL the available survey variables in a logit regression. Please be concise.
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Using all available survey variables risks overfitting the boundary between the two classes. The benefit of this is that your model will explain more of the variance in outcomes. The chief risk is that if you try to use your model to predict the behavior of individuals or groups that don't precisely match your survey questions, your predictions will not be accurate. This could be confirmed through cross-validation -- only using half of our data to create the model, and seeing how well our model predicts the outcome variable for the data set that wasn't used.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf3 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Briefly explain when and why (if at all) it would be sufficient to use only a subset of the available survey questions. Please be concise.
\b0 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf3 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Using a subset of survey questions is essentially identical to having never asked the missing questions in the first place (assuming questions don't interact with each other), and so doesn't cause any real problem with the model. However, it will reduce the model accuracy\
}